and the final came that instance of which
few know that moment of the championship
that we got used to looking at it from
outside
and they arrived ours
they are applauded all over the world
they learned to prance and touch her without
look was not forbidden those who
They knew how to beat the champions of
world to the finalists and to the history
those who knew about inequalities and
justices families divided love
effort joy and commitment those who
they have a history like the thousands of
stories that fill our chile
and we who are we
We get used to buying tickets to
the final ones we think about a lot
time to celebrate was something that we did not
we could afford now there are many that
they say we do not deserve anything that does not
we have greatness history
professionalism the bravest say
that we are afraid afraid how are we going to
be afraid boys if on this earth
an 8 year old child already knows what it is
stand up when all around you
is completely destroyed how are we going
to be scared if when it caught fire
to paradise people kept coming
to face the flames and help each other
between them how are we going to be afraid if
in the north we wanted to cover the mud and
We knew how to open the way as we have
always done
how are we going to be afraid if we have a
group of players that are figures in
your equipment and those that are not
figures with the red we 're all going to have
afraid if we are in our house and here
we knew how to fold the hand of destiny
always always a few times the
time to go out to the court put on the
shirt paints the face and prepares the
throat you're going back without a voice
shirt and without paint I want the
tears erased you those colors that for
first time I cried with joy encouraging
our boys I want you to break
the hands applauding because they are no longer
the drums but if our hearts and
when they beat together they sound stronger
that all the drums together because we are
different because we are different because
we nobody never gave us anything
if we could get 33 of our people
from the middle of the earth let's know
encourage 11 who play with the heart
we are going chile that the history of those who
they leave everything and in this homeland of those yes
that we know live chile fuck for
forever and forever from here to the
eternity